1. Embrace Reality and Deal with it
    I have found it helpful to think of my life as if it were a game in which each problem I face is a puzzle I need to solve. By solving the puzzle, I get a gem in the form of a principle that helps me avoid the same sort of problem in the future.

    Just as long-distance runners push through pain to experience the pleasure of "runner's high", I have largely gotten past the pain of my mistake making and instead enjoy the pleasure that comes with learning from it. I believe that with practice you can change your habits and experience the same "mistake learner's high".

1.1 Be a hyperrealist
    Dreams + Reality + Determination = A successful life.
    
    Idealists who are not well grounded in reality create problems, not progress.

    Each of us needs to decide what we value most and choose the paths we take to achieve it.

1.2 Truth--or, more precisely, an accurate understanding of reality--is the essential foundation for any good outcome.
    Most people fight seeing what's true when it's not what they want it to be. That's bad, because it is more important to understand and deal with the bad stuff since the good stuff will take care of itself.

1.3 Be radically open-minded and radically transparent
    It can also be difficult because being radically transparent rather than more guarded expose one to criticism. But don't let fears of what others think of you stand in your way.

    Learning to be radically transparent is like learning to speak in public: While it's initially awkwark, the more you do it, the more comfortable you will be with it.

    Besides giving me the freedom to be me, it has allowed me to understand others and for them to understand me, which is much more efficient and much more enjoyable than not having this understanding.

    Embracing  radical truth and radical transparency will bring more meaningful work and more meaningful relationships.

1.4 Look to nature to learn how reality works.

1.5 Evolving is life's greatest accomplishment and its greatest reward.

1.6 Understand nature's practical lessons.
    It's a fundamental law of the nature that in order to gain strength one has to push one's limit, which is painful.

    Man needs difficulties, they are neccessay for health.

1.7 Pain + Reflection = Progress
    Identifying, accepting, and learnning how to deal with your weaknesses,
    
    Preferring that the people around you be honest with you rather than keep their negative thoughts about you themselves.
    
    Being yourself rather than having to pretend to be strong where you are weak.


1.8 Weigh second- and third-order consequences.
    People who choose what they really want, and avoid the temptations and get over the pains that drive them away from what they really want, are much more likely to have successful lives.

1.9 Own your outcomes.
    Whatever circumstances life brings you, you will be more likely to succeed and find happiness if you take responsibility for making your decisions well instead of complaining about things being beyond your control.

1.10 Look at the machine from the higher level.
    Think of yourself as a machine operating within a machine and know that you have ability to alter your machines to produce better outcomes.

    Successful people are those who can go above themselves to see things objectively and manage those things to shape change.



2. Use the 5-step process to get what you want out of life.

    Have clear goals.
    Identify and don't tolerate the problems that stand in the way of your achieving the goals.
    Accurately diagnose the problems to get at their root causes.
    Design plans that will get you around them.
    Do what's necessary to push these designs through to results.

2.1 Have clear goals
    Prioritize, 不要有太多目标
    Don't confuse goals with desires
    Decide what you really want in life by reconciling your goals and your desires.
    Don't mistake the trappings of success for success itself.
    Be audacious

2.2 Identify and don;t tolerate problems
    View painful problems as potential improvements that are screaming at you.

